hey guys this is 72 geek um it's not
gonna be a very happy video this is to
all the Mac versus PC debates going on
right now it's getting out of hand it
seriously has gone from a intelligent
discussion to bashing systems to bashing
people nowadays the OS Wars is no longer
about the OS Wars it's about the people
Wars and to pissing me off I mean I hate
to say it but we're heading to the same
predicament that was in the YouTube
religion debates and that ended up in a
Sweden kid killing people seriously guys
I do not want this to progress any
further if we cannot just stop bashing
each other and start going back into
intelligent discussion cuz honestly this
is getting way too freaking out of hand
I mean you do not threaten to beat
someone's daughter with the bike chain
you do not post vulgar pictures of
people having sex with each other that
never really happened you do not
threaten this you don't not sue people
over what people said over the Internet
this is other ridiculous ridiculous okay
this is so completely freaking
ridiculous this has gone way too far I
mean seriously I do not want to see a
repeat of what happened in the religion
one okay I mean this has come from you
know okay let's have a fun little debate
on YouTube too I'm going to kill you if
you don't agree with my opinions I mean
it is out of control seriously um please
guys I i don't i'm not going to go into
any live streams with the mac vs pc
stuff anymore i'm boycotting it i cannot
until things
down until people get a grip on reality
and realize that it's just computers I
just can't do it it's just it's wrong
it's bad it's wrong it's just awful you
shouldn't sue people for the stupid
stuff you shouldn't threaten people for
the stupid stuff you shouldn't make
pictures depicting people of doing
things on that awful because the stupid
it's a fucking computer it just pisses
me off so please staff you guys stop I
really don't want to see people getting
killed over this